welcome to the next tutorial 2 of 3
change the touch of a fourth ipod
generation let's see here the
procedure we work with the
most brands like it is a pons if there
pot 4 ipod
and also we have stable what our
totally practical course here you go to
learn many things to repair to
disarm
to solve procedures also
we have tools such as the station
of work this work station then
we have them at 140 dollars you can
call our office and ask for these
work stations we send them to
all the equator if they are air and
good heat in the procedure here
the same as I already explained, we took
the screws that you see here are
find each one of the screws and
now we are going to realize what is to raise
each of the protections here there
a sip protection that protects the equipment
to put the touch and the display
zip
I will proceed to lift the lid
which protects the plate of the ipod chip with
very careful we will go lifting the this
part
by the sides
very carefully it comes out completely
yes
do not forget to visit our page
web soon to the point that soon
puntocom if you have questions comments
suggestions through our channel
facebook alright as soon as it's going to
be a little uncomfortable because you
they realize it brings a lot of double-sided tape
all the whole ipod brings double tape
face
we keep seeing here you can
find that if the games saw
was stuck towards advertising not here
are our addresses in Quito and
guayaquil we will continue doing the
procedure we go to once we have
pulled out all the screws here is a
more screw that is the one that protects a
of the plate if you are the
they take out but simply raise it with
very careful
raise this part here disconnect the
camera although there are connected the
camera and they do the procedure to the
reverse do not put the touch on the part
from behind is the connection that you
can see if they see it is the collection
that is there connected the touch I make a
slow procedure slowly slow but
safe
I hold with the other hand
it's a bit complicated because I'm not
removing the plate from your ipod but it
I'm putting it here and
immediately it is already what it is
the tactile look you can see there
is the touch totally assembled no
Now I'm going to do the procedure for
put the camera taking care that
I have other flex here on the sides zip and
let's do the same procedure
I'm going to connect the camera by putting a
little pressure
and apparently the camera is already
it costs sip now I'm going to do the
procedure of assembling the ipod with
very careful I will put the parts that
I just removed that is part of the
from the flex
now I'm going to connect the touch
I remind you that this ipod is on
it is completely on
be connected better said the
battery is working and I'm going to
connecting the tank is a little bit
complicated many times this part of
here because it takes away a little bit of
nothing more time but the procedure is
you have to do it very carefully if we
let's realize that it is well placed
many times it does not join because this
it may be an incorrect procedure
I'm going to look
video hinders me ready to work
I'm going to here I have to put in law
your protection that is this but only
I'm going to try it good it's recommended
put him
and I have to put the protection law
I remind you that if I put the
low protection has some legs
where it hooks
hooked the protection
you heard some clicked and I'm going
to try it now the ipod please
before finishing the assembly or before
put the screws
It is advisable to always try
in this case the arc is connected
completely
yes
to the current
let's see if it was connected in the
this and then here it is already possible to give
account will already start to slide
in it because it is already connected simply
what
give him
put a little more pressure on
what happens depending on the touch if
you realize if you pressed here
Sometimes send image send us an image
but simply because it is not yet
connected if I'm going to start connecting
well and to all parties so that
you see it working
completely to the iphone yes
and you can see it there
the act is already sending what is
all your plants and here also
begin to pay to learn between
others
if we are going to do this tutorial now
let's put the screws so that the
iphone the ipad work completely not
forget to look for our website
soon the dotcoms are on facebook
on twitter on all social networks
We have all kinds of tools
We work with Chinese phones to
touch screens among other phones
of Nokia brand also and we invite you
then to our course of repair of
Android system as it is